https://codepen.io/AGibbs1995/pen/yLOvKjr
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.
    2. What is HTML used for? to format a webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is used to define the characteristics of an HTML
    In direct quotations
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? to make text stand out.  How many times should I use it on a page? 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes anchor tags, img tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  <html>
    7. What is an id? to specify significant change
    8. What elements can I add an id to? a group of text 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? selects elements witch specific attributes
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  html class selector
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 1
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? anchor and target tag 
    15. How do I reference an id?<ahref
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sectionis semantic divis not 
    17. What is CSS used for? to style a page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
    by the extent of importance 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used by multiple html elements id can only be used by one 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by importance 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”
    parent child selector 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? select elements with specicific parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    pseudo selector
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     pseudo-class matches a specified element that is the first child of another element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
